Remove personal (#204)
codesandbox/docs: packages/projects-docs/pages/learn/plans/plan-overview.mdx

# Plans

## Free

Free workspaces are a great way to get started with CodeSandbox. By simply creating an account and opening a workspace, you can create any public sandbox or import any public repository.

> Additionally, you my invite others to join the workspace so that you can collaboration on sandboxes or repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, you may invite others to join the workspace so that you can collaborate on sandboxes or repositories.
```

If at anytime you need access to private sandboxes or repos, or are in need of higher VMs, a trial provides access to 2 weeks of free access to Pro.

## Pro

> Pro offers unlimited collaboration, umlimited sandboxes and repositories (both private and public), higher VM specs and [much more](https://codesandbox.io/pricing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pro offers unlimited collaboration, unlimited sandboxes and repositories (both private and public), higher VM specs and [much more](https://codesandbox.io/pricing).
```
